# ***Profile***
### **Name:** *Xnjinn "" Ijniik*
### **Age:** *29*
### **Species:** *???? (Ijniik Dynasty)*
### **Birthplace:** *Mjx, Krillios White Giant System*
##### **Bio:** *Xnjinn was born to the Njxinn Birthing Tarn in Ixiiz, to the dynasty of Ijniik. Being assigned to be under the apprenticeship (not to be confused with the learning ship 'Apprenticeship') of Jie Pnixxi Ijniik. From a young age Xnjinn was anti-social, critiquing the inner workings of social interaction and viewing it as a meaningless device to gain power. From him, Xnjinn was taught the art of charting, stippling and close quarter combat, during this time he took interest to the outside universe, hearing tales of inspiration about the great Construct, wishing to join their cause. After his graduation and acquirement of the Nixj dagger (A rite of passage for those in the Ijniik dynasty) Xnjinn followed to find a method of service to the Construct, starting as a station communicator for the Pjink Palace landing bay, where he eventually had to learn Garrancha and Yartech for communication. Due to the impossibility of his name's pronunciation by his construct superiors, Xnjinn adopt the common name of """"" in order to be more easily communicated with by other species. He followed to be promoted as the Comms of a Construct research team (Requeronihil-J324) researching the effects of dark matter in the Grand Powder Collection. Proceeding 3 years of service aboard the Quesitonihil, the job became unrewarding and uniteresting, though he learnt the languages of Humanic and Goroen, whilst also meeting various individuals. He followed onto live of the struks marcs he had made traveling between systems, avoiding interaction.*
